Name 10 body parts that your boyfriend likes to kiss.
Name 10 items you bought but regretted buying and never used.
If you were a boy/girl (of the opposite sex), would you make out with yourself?
Describe the most embarrassing moment of your life.
Have you ever stuck chewing gum under a desk?
Which one do you think is better – tests or essays?
Have you ever eaten a meal by yourself? Where and why?
If you had to go to one class for the rest of your life, what class would you choose it to be?
If you wanted to make out with your guy/girl on campus, where would you do it?
Have you ever gotten into a fistfight on school grounds?
Have you ever fallen asleep while a class was on?
Have you ever been suspended or gotten detention? Why?
If you had the chance, would you sneak a peek in the other gender locker room?
Who is the hottest teacher in school/college?
Have you ever sexted someone you shouldn’t?
Have you ever been publicly humiliated? Explain what happened.
What was the strangest dream you had?
Which celebrity would you like to swap lives with for a month?
Which feature do you get complimented on the most? Do you like it?
Name one thing that you would never do even if you were offered all the money in the world.
Among all the people in the room, which boy would you agree to date?
Among all the people in the room, which boy would you never date?
What is that one characteristic or quality that you would like to change about you?
Have you ever fallen out of love? Did you break up after that?
What is the craziest thing that has happened to you in a public place?
Describe the most annoying experience you had at a mall.
What is the meanest thing you have said to someone?
Have you ever considered cheating on your boyfriend?
Have you ever lied to your boyfriend, saying that you feel sick, to avoid an intimate moment?
What is a rumor or gossip you repeated about someone but found out was incorrect?
What was the most disgusting practical joke you ever played on someone?
What do you think that your boyfriend’s thoughts are about marriage and kids?
Describe your wildest fantasy.
Have you ever peed in a pool? If yes, was it a private or a public pool?
What was the stupidest thing you have done in front of a crowd?
What is the first thing you would do if you got invisible?
Have you ever been hit on by someone of the same sex? If yes, what happened? How did you react?
Which of the people in this room have the most sensual and daring sense of style?
If you were marooned on a deserted island with one person, who would you like it to be?
What is the stupidest thing you have said to your partner while being intimate?
Have you ever picked your nose absent-mindedly and then eaten it?
Who in this room has the hottest body?
What is your deepest, darkest fear?
Describe your first kiss.
Who is the sexiest person in this room?
What is your biggest regret in life?
Who has the nicest butt in this room?
Name the last person you licked.
Have you ever been cheated on or cheated someone?
Have you ever made out with someone in this room?
What are the things you are self-conscious about?
When was the last time you peed in your bed? What age?
What is the biggest lie you have ever told? Who did you tell it to?
Name a person you regret kissing.
Tell us about an embarrassing vomit story.
What is the naughtiest thing you have done in public? With whom?
What is that one thing most people think is true about you, but isn’t?
What is the naughtiest thing you have gotten away with?
What is a childish thing you still do?
Have you ever let someone else take the blame for something you have done?
What is that something that people think you would never do, but you actually have?
Did you ever have an encounter with a police officer?
What is a silly thing you are emotionally attached to?
Name the strangest place you have peed.
Have you ever crapped in your pants after growing up?
What was the most embarrassing thing your parents have caught you doing?
Why did you break up with your last partner?
What is the grossest thing that your partner does?
Name a terrible thing you have done that you lied to cover up.
Did you love someone who didn’t love you back?
What is something that you have never told anyone?
