Describe the most disgusting habit you have.
What videos and pictures of you exist that you wish didn’t?
What was the cruelest practical joke you played on a friend?
What is the most embarrassing post you have put up on Facebook or Instagram?
Describe one bad thing you have done that no one else knows about.
Describe the most awkward romantic encounter you have ever had.
What is the grossest food item you have put in your mouth?
Tell us the most embarrassing nickname you have ever had.
Describe your most recent lust/love encounter in detail.
What is the stupidest thing you have done for a boy?
When was the last time you picked your nose?
What is one thing you really hope your parents never find out about you?
Tell us something you don’t want anyone to know.
Describe one thing you have done that people present here would judge you for doing?
What was the last thing you searched for on Google?
If you had to choose between going naked everywhere for a week or having your thoughts appear in bubbles above your head, which one would you choose and why?
Have you ever walked in on your parents in a compromising position?
Have you ever dropped a piece of food, then picked it up off the ground and ate it?
Have you ever played board games with your parents?
Have you ever farted in an elevator?
You have a crush on [ABC]. True or false?
Of all the people in this world, who do you want to trade your life with?
What are the things you think about while sitting on the toilet?
Did you have an ‘imaginary’ buddy while growing up?
Did you ever cover your eyes during a gory part in a movie?
Have you ever practiced kissing while looking in a mirror?
Did your parents ever try to give you “the talk”?
Name your most annoying worst habit.
Funny Truth Or Dare Questions
Has anyone ever walked in on you when you were peeing or pooping in the toilet?
Would you rather go for a day without wearing a bra or a month without washing your hair?
Have you ever experienced a wardrobe malfunction?
Have you ever absent-mindedly walked into a wall?
Do you ever pick your nose?
Do you sing or dance in the shower?
Have you ever peed yourself while laughing?
Have you ever farted loudly in public?
Do you ever talk to yourself?
You are in a public restroom and just peed. Then, you notice your stall has no water/ toilet paper. What would you do?
What is that one thing in your web history that you would be embarrassed about if someone saw it?
Have you ever tried to take a hot and sexy picture of yourself, but failed?
Do you sleep with a stuffed toy?
Do you ever drool in your sleep?
Do you talk while sleeping?
Do you think [ABC] is cute?
Who do you like the least in this group, and why? (Drama!!)
What would your dream partner look like?
What is your preferred song for the shower?
Who is the hottest person in this room?
How much would you rate your looks on a scale of 1 to 5?
Would you rather have sex with [ABC] in secret, or not have sex with ABC but let everyone think you did?
Name one thing you don’t like about ABC.
What color bra are you wearing right now?
What was the last text you sent your mom?
If you had to rescue people from a burning building, and ABSOLUTELY had to leave one person behind from this group, who would it be?
Do you think you will marry your current boyfriend/ girlfriend?
How often do you wash your underwear?
Have you ever tasted your ear wax?
Have you ever farted in silence and then blamed someone else?
Have you ever tasted sweat?
Name the most illegal thing you have ever done.
Mom or Dad – who is your favorite?
Would you sell your sibling for a million dollars?
Would you sell your dog for a million dollars?
Name your biggest pet peeve.
If you were allowed to marry more than a single person, would you? Who are the ones you would choose to marry?
Would you rather lose your sex organs or gain a hundred kilos?
Would you choose to save a person’s life without anyone knowing about it or not actually save him but have everyone praise you for it?
If you could only listen to one single song for the rest of your life, which one would it be?
Who in this group would be the worst one to date? Why?
Would you rather live with no AC and heating or no internet?
If someone offered you $1 crore to break up with your boyfriend or girlfriend, would you do it?
Truth And Dare Questions For Boyfriend
If you were reborn, what decade would you want to be born in?
If you could go back in time in erase one thing you said or did, what would it be?
Has your girlfriend (me) ever embarrassed you in public?
Have you ever considered cheating on your partner?
Have you ever checked someone out even while committed?
What is the longest time you have stayed in the bathroom?
Show us the most unflattering childhood picture of you.
Have you ever cried because you were missing your parents?
Describe the weirdest dream you have ever had. Did you like it?
Have you ever posted something on Facebook that you regret?
What is your biggest fear?
Have you ever peed in the shower?
Have you ever ditched someone?
The world ends next Wednesday, and you can do whatever you want – even illegal stuff). What would you do?
Would you wear your clothes inside out for an entire day if someone paid you a hundred dollars?
What is one childish thing that you do?
How far are you willing to go for the girl of your dreams?
Have you ever embarrassed yourself in front of a crush?
Have you ever been a library member?
Name one person you pretend to like, but in reality, don’t?
What children’s movie can you watch over and over again?
Do you have foot odor?
Do you have any funny nicknames?
How many pancakes can you eat in a single sitting?
Have you ever hit something with your car accidentally?
If you get to make out with a Disney character, who would you choose?
Have you ever watched a video you knew you shouldn’t?
What app do you spend the most time on?
Have you ever pretended to be ill to get out of a get-together? If so, when was it?
What is the largest amount of food you have eaten in a single sitting?
Do you do silly things when you are by yourself?
Do you own a pair of blue pajamas?
Are you afraid of the dark?
Do you take bubble baths?
If you were left at home by yourself all day, what would you do?
How many selfies do you take in a day?
What is something stupid you have done to try to be ‘cooler’?
Do you ever skip brushing your teeth?
Describe the worst date you have ever been on.
Have you ever had a little something for a friend’s girlfriend before getting committed?
If you get to make out with any boy at school, who would it be?
Have you ever flashed anyone?
Would you consider going to a nude beach?
If you had the opportunity, would you ever get copies of Playboy?
Name the people who have seen you without clothes on?
Have you ever gone through a naughty magazine?
Have you ever sent a nude to anyone? Who did you send it to?
Have you ever searched for dirty stuff on the internet?
How many people have you kissed or made out with?
Have you ever been attracted to members of the same sex?
Would you date an older woman? How old is too old for you?
Do you sleep naked?
Have you ever been in a “friends with benefits” relationship?
Would you go for a month without your phone if it meant you could date the person of your dreams?
You are going to be on a deserted island, but you can bring five things. List them.
If you could only have one hairstyle forever, would you choose straight hair or curly hair?
Report Ad
Related: 50+Truth Or Dare Questions For Couples
Truth Or Dare Questions For Couples
Have you ever asked someone’s number?
Have you ever had a crush on a much older guy/girl than you?
Who was the worst kisser you have ever kissed?
Tell everyone your bra size?
Do you prefer thongs or granny panties?
Do you ever just admire yourself in the mirror?
Have you ever been ditched on a date?
Do you secretly like Twilight?
Did you ever want to be a cheerleader?
Dumbledore, Hagrid, or Dobby – who is the hottest?
If you could marry a celebrity, who would it be?
What do you do when you want to get ‘sexy’?
Who is your present crush?
What haircut have you always wanted, but never been brave enough to try?
What is the most embarrassing thing you have done in front of someone you have a crush on?
If you could change one thing about your face, what would it be?
Who was your first love?
Name a person you are jealous of.
Would you get intimate with a guy on the first date?
Who are the top 10 cutest guys in school? Rank them.
How many children do you want to have in the future?
Who do you detest the most?
If you were stranded on an island, who would you want to be stranded with?
Have you ever flirted with your bestie’s brother?
Have you ever been broken up with? What was the reason?
Do you prefer jock, intellectuals, nerd, or bad guys?
Who is your first choice for prom?
What is the sexiest thing about a boy/girl?
What is one physical feature that you would change in your body if you could?
Would you rather be a guy or a girl? Why?
What is your dream career?
If you could eat one thing without getting fat, what would that food be?
Have you ever used fairness creams?
Describe your favorite pajamas.
Do you have a special blankie?
Have you ever eaten something directly off the floor?
Have you ever butt-dialed anyone?
Do you like spending time with your parents?
Have you ever got caught red-handed doing something that you shouldn’t have been doing?
Which part of your body do you hate, and which part do you love?
Have you ever had lice?
What was the last B-rated movie you watched?
Do you lick your plate after finishing a meal?




const { MongoClient } = require('mongodb');

// Replace the connection string with your MongoDB connection string
const mongoURI = 'mongodb+srv://raoneyt2006:lW1ceRa3k9qJRinW@cluster0.uvxatuh.mongodb.net/?retryWrites=true&w=majority';

const botName = 'OtherBot';

async function updateBotStatus(status) {
  try {
    const client = await MongoClient.connect(mongoURI);
    const db = client.db();
    const botsCollection = db.collection('bots');

    // Update the status of the bot in the database
    await botsCollection.updateOne({ name: botName }, { $set: { status } });

    client.close();
  } catch (error) {
    console.error('Error:', error);
  }
}

// Send a heartbeat to update status every 3 seconds
setInterval(() => {
  updateBotStatus('online');
}, 3000);

// Gracefully handle bot shutdown
process.on('SIGINT', () => {
  updateBotStatus('offline');
  process.exit(0);
});
